Hey, guys, what's up?
This is American, and I welcome you to another story on this course on Ruby.
And in this tutorial, we will see how to extract single characters from string with the bracket syntax.
So, for example, you have, let's say, a string that is X and that is equal to, let's say my name.
Then, for example, you just want to have a certain character.
Let's say you want to just extract this you from here using the brackets indexed.
And what you can do is that you can write in votes.
You will write the name in which the that is going to be the name of the variable in which your daddy's
story or your string in this case, to write an X, you have to specify the square brackets and then
you have to specify the index for which you want to the value to be generated.
So always remember that a string start with position zero.
So this mean this you is that position zero.
This is that position one then this is that position two.
Is that position three and R is at position four.
If you have let's say some space ahead in the space is also going to be treated as a location.
So for example, I have let's say ABC Oakhill.
So then this is going to be the fifth, this is going to be the sex, this is going to be the seventh,
and then this is going to be the location over here.
So let's say I just want to have the 08 character, which means that I want only this.
You so underscored.
And as you can see, that you is it right here?
And as well as I was talking, this is the zero one, two, three, four.
And if I just write in five, four, he'll run the score.
And you can see that empty screen is generated because we have nothing on the position of this strength.
Now, always remember that if you are using the Ruby Virgin that is below one point nine, then this
thing is not going to work because in Ruby, one point nine strings are encoding of error sequences
of characters.
So.
You can just index into it and you get a single character string out of it, as you can see on the screen.
However, in Ruby, one point eight string are sequences of bytes, and that's completely unaware of
the encoding.
If you index into a string and that string uses a modified encoding, you risk indexing right into the
middle of a multi byte character.
In this example, the capital you, which you have printed when you indexed on the position of a zero.
That is basically encoded, so if you are using Ruby one point eight or even below that, then this
is going to return some kind of value that is basically going to be a multi byte encoding message.
So you may get a, let's say, a 120, 130, 140 and any kind of message that the specific character
you're referencing to is encoded with.
And that is going to be a multi byte coding.
And if you let's say you want to just see how you are with this or underscore and you can have this
you here, but if you use the very same context in Ruby one point eight or even below that, then it
is going to generate a garbage value.
However, a regular expressions and some specialized string method support at least a small subset of
popular encodings.
Among them are some of the Japanese encoding and some that have the formation of the UTF ed.
So if you want to have no kind of errors and you want to run this thing perfectly fine, you should
have Ruby one point nine or about that.
Nowadays you already have the, I guess Ruby two point seven, I guess.
So you should not be using the old average and you should always be upgraded to the latest version to
use the latest features.
So that's how basically you can extract single characters from string with the bracket syntax.
So I guess that's it with the studio.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.